Exploiting MATLAB once again, we're going
to illustrate an example of median
filter.
So we're creating three images now.
Image I is the original image,
we're going to see it in a second.
Image J is this image, but we have added
salt and pepper noise.
That's basically strong noise as we're
going to observe soon, that is dark and
white pixels.
And image K is going to be the median
filter operation on the noisy image.
And I'm going to show you I, J, and K.
So let's see that.
We have three images.
This figure is the original image,
this is the one with salt and pepper
noise.
We see these black pixels, so basic
pixels were completely changed their
pixel value to, from white to black.
And here, we see the result of median
filtering,
which is I think very impressive for such
a simple filter.
It got completely rid of all the noise
that we had.
It does blur a bit the image as we know
the actual data, as we know from when we
learned the operation of the median
filter.
But it did manage to get rid of the noise
and provide us a much more pleasant
image.
So, this is an example of median
filtering operating inside MATLAB and
with some of the images that come with
the MATLAB package.
Thank you, and see you in the next video.